In this assignment, you're going to use the layer class you put together a few weeks ago (compare yours to your group members, are they the same or close?)
and implement a full simulation of the OSI Layer model.  Now, obviously nobody actually creates a stack like this in production, because it'd be too slow.
There are lots of shortcuts we take in practice.  But, it all starts with a solid understanding of the abstraction, encapsulation, polymorphism, and
inheritance involved in the whole process.  It's like Networks are a microcosm of OOP (or OOP is a microcosm of Networks).

Your job is to, with your group, create a system that will take any layer 7 input and, through internal mechanics, logging, and verbose outputs to the screen,
document what each layer is doing.  Each layer needs to do at least one realistic thing, but it's up to you to handle that.

Groups should be formed from 1-2 groups from the first project.

Side Note

Assignment 4, 5, and/or 6 should all lead into this project and act as the application layer.
You are welcome to do so, but it is entirely too risky to include as a hard requirement.
But, you've reached peak skillset if your HTTP server from the last few assignments slots right in here.
Again, not a hard requirement.

Instructions

You're going to simulate the entire OSI Stack.  Because it's a simulation, the point is not whether you come up with the same answer,
the point is: are you coming up with it in the correct way.

    It is up to you to define and implement what each layer does.
    Some layers are more trivial than others, but it should be explicit what they're doing.
    Provide a TCP/IP mode that does the same thing, but groups it like TCP/IP instead of OSI.
    Before implementation, double check with Project 3 that what you produce will appropriately feed into Project 3.
    Test your code with several realistic examples of common application layer protocol requests (Project 1 is an acceptable tool).
    Submit your code for your program.
    Also include your group members' names.  Each member will submit, more or less, the same code but you are welcome
    to add any narrative write up that you believe explains it, in your own words.
    Also include a textual log of your stack in operation.